Title: Snuzzle
Author: Andres Rosales (aka Skelteon)
Version: 01/02/2015

-First Independent Project-

This is a personal project that stemmed from a concept I had for a mobile/pc game
that I thought would be a wonderful combination of two classic game genres: the
traditional Snake game, and matching games (2048 seems to be a good comparison, in 
this case). 
In this game, there would be levels of increasing difficulty, where the goal
is to create a target color pattern on with your snake, but the snake needs only to 
contain the pattern. Completion of the pattern results ends the level. Patterns are 
created by picking up "food" blocks, which are randomly placed on the level, in the 
same sense as Snake. The twist is that the colors correspond to values and will combine
to form new colors, when activated by a player; for instance: 
	
	Let's say the color green corresponds with the value 1, and blue corresponds to 5. If
	we have a Snuzzle of length 4, where all blocks are green blocks, and they pick up a 
	fifth green block that's been generated on the level, the Snuzzle will grow to
	length 5, consisting of 5 green blocks, then those 5 greens will combine to create a 
	single blue block, of value 5, shrinking the Snuzzle down to a length of 1. The same
	would follow in the case of getting 5 blue blocks if a purple block represented 
	25, 5 purple blocks if a red block represented 125, etc.
	
At first this seems like the puzzle/pattern combinations might be somewhat limited. It
is. Which is why I saw fit to employ another aspect to the puzzle solutions: the player
can control whether the piece of food they just ate will go to the head or tail of the 
Snuzzle, and if there's an opportunity to combine colors on either end, they can choose
whether or not it activates. An example of why this is helpful can be found in the 
following scenario:
	
	Let us assume we can only add to a single side, the head, that we cannot choose when
	to combine blocks, and that the Target Pattern is Purple-Green-Blue.
	(note: still considering whether reversed patterns will qualify as solutions.
		Ex: Creating a Blue-Green-Purple sequence, from head-to-tail, with the 
		above target pattern)
	
	Using the same color values as in the last example, we know we'd have to get 5 blues
	to create our purple, and we need 5 greens to create each of those blues. No problem.
	Then we'd need a green, followed by a blue. Once we got our green, we'd have to 
	create a blue right after it. Now we have a problem. In order to create our blue, we 
	need to collect 5 more greens, but as soon as we collect our fourth additional green,
	our old green will combine with the 4 new ones and create a blue right next to our purple.
	
	If we are able to combine at will, we could collect the proceed as we did above, and
	not activate the 5 greens, instead waiting until we collected our sixth green, then
	activating the tail-end of the Snuzzle, resulting in a blue block at the tail.
	
	We could also use the two mechanics in different combinations to attain the solution
	by another process as well, which lends the game more flexibility and opportunity for
	players to seek optimal solutions.
	